python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popa -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popa -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popa -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popa -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c popc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopa -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopa -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopa -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopa -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mpopc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c empa -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mempc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mempc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mempc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c mempc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c statec -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c statec -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c statec -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c statec -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c countyc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c countyc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c countyc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c countyc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c roadc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c roadc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c roadc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c roadc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c ramp -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c ramp -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c ramp -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c ramp -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c intsectc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c intsectc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c intsectc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c intsectc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c transc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c transc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c transc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c transc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c waterc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c waterc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c waterc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c waterc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c frstc -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c frstc -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c frstc -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c frstc -l comc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c slopec -l resn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c slopec -l resc
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c slopec -l comn
python dataanalysis_2.py 10 -c slopec -l comc
